Here is an explanation of what an ortholog cluster is and how it's calculated
from http://inparanoid.sbc.su.se/:

"An InParanoid cluster is an ortholog group. It is seeded by a reciprocally 
bestmatching ortholog pair, around which inparalogs are gathered independently
, while outparalogs are excluded. Here, seed-ortholog pair refers to the 
two seed members that are orthologous to each other, around which their 
inparalogs are clustered. Each is referred to the seed-inparalog when 
comparing against inparalogs in its own genome. Each member of the cluster 
receives an inparalog score, which reflects the relative distance to the 
seed-inparalog (1.0=identical to the seed-inparalog; 0.0=of equal distance 
to the seed-inparalog as the distance between the seed-ortholog pair). The 
confidence that the original seed-ortholog pair are true orthologs is estimated
 by sampling how often the pair is found as reciprocally best matches by a
 bootstrapping procedure. Bootstrap values were generated by counting how many 
times the seed-pair genes were each others best match in a sampling with 
replacement procedure that was applied to the original Blast alignment. In 
summary, an InParanoid ortholog cluster contains a seed-ortholog pair with 
bootstrap confidence values, and a list of inparalogs with inparalog scores."

Within each line, the set of sequences and scores are listed in decreasing order 
of inparanoid scores: For instance, a cluster with 4 member genes might look 
like this (where genes are listed by primary transcript ids):

Format (note that a tab seperates the sets of paralogs from each of the two species): 
[ortholog_cluster_id] TAB [cluster_backbone_bitscore] TAB [org1_gene1] SPACE
[org1_gene1_inparalog_score] SPACE [org1_gene2] SPACE [org1_gene2_inparalog_score] TAB [org2_gene1]
SPACE [org2_gene1_inparalog_score] SPACE [org2_gene2] SPACE [org2_gene2_inparalog_score]

Example line:
7	3351	Ptrichocarpa:Potri.002G092700.1 1.000 Ptrichocarpa:Potri.005G167400.1 0.762 Ptrichocarpa:Potri.005G169100.1 0.328	Osativa:LOC_Os10g21910.1 1.000

Note: The cluster_backbone_bitscore refers to the bit score from the blastp alignment of the two seed memebers of a cluster.

For core genomes, inparanoid was run using the default 2-pass blast strategy with default parameters, as follows:
Blast bit-score cutoff = 40
Inparalog confidence cutoff = 0.05
Group overlap cutoff = .5
Sequence overlap cutoff = 0.5
Segment coverage cutoff = 0.25

For noncore and early release genomes, inparanoid was run in the same manner, but using the ublast function in the 
usearch package[3].

Please see the inparanoid website and the references below for more details.

[1] "InParanoid 7: new algorithms and tools for eukaryotic orthology analysis"
Ostlund G, Schmitt T, Forslund K, Kostler T, Messina DN, Roopra S, Frings O and Sonnhammer ELL
Nucleic Acids Res. 38:D196-D203 (2010)
[2] "Automatic clustering of orthologs and in-paralogs from pairwise species comparisons"
Maido Remm, Christian E. V. Storm, and Erik L. L. Sonnhammer
J. Mol. Biol. 314:1041-1052 (2001)
[3] "Search and clustering orders of magnitude faster than BLAST"
Edgar RC. Bioinformatics. 26(19):2460-1 (2010)
